Update README (#189)
FairRootGroup/FairSoft: README.md

fairroot@18.2.1    geant4-data@10.05        libpthread-stubs@0.4  nanomsg@1.1.5       xextproto@7.3.0
font-util@1.3.2    geant4_vmc@4-0-p1        libsm@1.2.2           ncurses@6.1         xproto@7.0.31
fontconfig@2.12.3  gettext@0.20.1           libsodium@1.0.17      nettle@3.4.1        xxhash@0.6.5
freetype@2.10.1    gmp@6.1.2                libuuid@1.0.3         openblas@0.3.7      xz@5.2.4
g4abla@3.1         gnutls@3.6.8             libx11@1.6.7          openssl@1.1.1d      zeromq@4.3.2
g4emlow@7.7        googletest@1.8.1         libxau@1.0.8          pcre@8.42           zlib@1.2.11
g4ensdfstate@2.2   gsl@2.5                  libxcb@1.13           pmix@3.1.3
g4incl@1.0         hepmc@2.06.09            libxdmcp@1.1.2        pythia6@428-alice1
g4ndl@4.5          hwloc@2.0.2              libxext@1.3.3         pythia8@8240
```

### 5. Use

TODO

## [Troubleshooting](docs/troubleshooting.md)

## Structure of this repo

Releases are defined as a Spack environment in the directory [`env/<release>/<variant>.yaml`](env/).

`repo.yaml` + `packages/` constitute the FairSoft Spack package repository.

> `config/` contains some general configuration changes needed on some systems, please load it with `spack -C ./config install`.

Reviewer: Maybe:

```suggestion

`config/` contains some general configuration changes needed on some systems, please use it with `spack -C ./config …`.
```

Author: done

> `spack/` is a git submodule which references the upstream spack git repo which currently contains both the Spack software and the Spack builtin package repository. Because some of the packages a FairSoft release pins down come from the Spack builtin repository, the idea is to pin it, too, to provide a reproducible build experience which does not depend on the various possible combination of Spack and FairSoft.

Reviewer: Maybe add this?
> The referenced submodule might also contain some extra patches, that we were not yet able to integrate into spack itself.

Author: done
